Does the doctor need to call an ambulance?
It's okay beautiful woman
The old man was hit on the head
Probably a poisoning concussion
I just tried the needle and pressed him down.
As for his left hand, there is a bone fracture
Go back and get a bandage and put it on him
Within 15 days
You are Zhang Feng, right?
I'm Chen Yao.
When you were a freshman in high school, you sat on my right. Did you forget?
First year of high school?
Oh, that wave in high school
Chen Yao is very good at wave shape graphics.
Then why are you here?
What happened? We were just being hunted down.
Ah chase
Who is that?
I see you and the rich woman are so late
I guess I didn't bring any seasonal clothes
Here are some new ones I found.
You can try it first. Hmm.